---
title:  "Hi!!"
--- 

After a long overdue amount of time, I have finally fixed up my website to something a little more modern.

# Plans

I'm hoping to use the writing blog a lot more as I really want to try to write my thoughts and personal experiences down. I think it would be a great thing to look back and reflect upon from time to time as well kind of like a look-how-far-I've-come! This entire site as of 1/13/23 is still under construction so please bear with me as I get this updated. 

# UW Winter Quarter 2023

For winter quarter, I'm currently taking CSE 333: Systems Programming, CSE 344: Intro to Data Management, and ENGL 348: Studies in Popular Culture(Holmes and Lovecraft Pastiche: The Aesthetics of Rewriting and the Practice of Critique). I really excited for all of these course but especially CSE 344 which is about SQL and databases. 

# First quarter as a TA for [CSE122: Introduction to Computer Programming][work]!

I applied to become a TA for the CSE 12X series around mid November of 2022. After a round of written applications, a teaching video screen, I received the oppurtunity to interview for the position. The interview felt quite short but it was jam-packed with information and included two different demonstration of my teaching ability and style. Walking out of the interview room, I honestly felt nervous about how it went but rather than stress about it, I tried to put it out of my mind and enjoy my winter break. A few weeks later with a stroke of luck, I received the offer to become a TA for CSE 122!

[work]: https://courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse122/23wi/

